My eldest brother, in order to protect the people of the town
Hero Rescue
Although I am not talented
But I also know how to kill people to pay off their lives and debts
I swear to God today
I will definitely avenge my brother.
Master Wu, if you can avenge the teacher
I would like to respect you as my teacher
I am a common man
What qualifications do you have to be a teacher?
But don't worry.
As soon as there are supplies, I will definitely continue to supply them.
I want to say that the mayor has pointed out that you should take over
Don't touch porcelain
Wang Fugui, our grain must have been killed
Does it make any difference who's on Big City Island?
It's just that the food is out of stock.
How to fight
I think we can surrender
The vengeance of the market
What do you mean by that?
Hey, Adjutant Wang, what are you talking about?
But what I said is true.
Why do you still want to use the market to make me fail?
The market is dying, do you want to break up?
Let me just say this for a second.
Anyone who wants to leave or surrender
Please help me, Wu will naturally not be cowardly.
But today I put the words here
We will meet on the battlefield someday
It's no wonder you don't miss the old love
Shut up, you just read half a sutra
What right do you have to talk big here?
Yes, even if you have two pieces of silver
So what?
Can you still beat Zhang Deshuai?
Although I can't beat Zhang Deshuai
But I can bring out food.
Can solve everyone's current problems
If you don't believe me, get out of here